Previously on
"Superman & Lois"...
Everyone, I need you
to step away from your locker.
They are meeting right now
to decide to have you expelled!
You don't love me anymore?
I think that you need
to move out.
Dad calling for, like,
the hundredth time.
It'd be good for you to just
vent to a friend a little bit.
Aubrey.
Maybe we could
be friends again?
Dean's acting like he's
the family values candidate.
- What's wrong?
- It's your dad.
You're Superman.
You were supposed
to keep him safe.
Forged in Fire.
Strong as steel.
I found Kal-El.
I'm gonna kill him.
I don't want anything
to happen to you.
I'm coming right back.
I love you, Dad.
Dad?
Your father's not yet
returned from his mission.
What's happening? Hedy?
I'm detecting
some sort of temporal anomaly
moving through our galaxy.
It's compromising the
integrity of our dimension.
Establish a link to my dad.
He's just left orbit.
The escape pod
may not reach him before--
Just do it, please!
♪
Dad!
- Something's wrong.
We're losing connection
to your father's ship.
♪
Not lookin' too good, is it?
- It's fine.
- Mm.
Might be a scar, though.
Eh, as long as
it doesn't take away
from the one on my face.
Yeah, no worries there.
Hey.
Is it okay to come in?
Yeah, of course.
We, uh, brought a change
of clothes for the ride home.
Thanks.
I'm so happy you can
finally come home, John.
You have no idea, Lois.
Look, all I wanna do
is spend time
with my two girls, you know?
♪
Dad...
that's not Mom.
♪
What?
She's still gone.
♪
I know.
His surgery
was over a week ago.
Why is this happening now?
Recovery takes time.
Confusion is normal
with his type of brain trauma,
and temporary.
What if these new symptoms
are a sign of infection
or nerve
or blood vessel damage?
Maybe we could get another
brain scan, just to be safe.
I'll put in an order.
We'll find out
when he's being discharged,
and, um,
I'll be here to take you home--
both of you.
Natalie, he's gonna be fine.
You don't know that.
♪
Girls, let's go!
Have you seen my phone?
It's probably in your bed.
Check between your sheets!
It'll be just a second.
Yeah, I heard.
It's gonna take some time
getting used to this
co-parenting thing.
Um...
how's your debate prep comin'?
Good.
Emily's been helping me.
That's great.
If you, uh,
you know, if you need
another opinion
or something, I--
No, I'm good.
♪
So is...this our new normal?
No, it won't be like this,
um, early.
I just thought
that maybe we could go get
some breakfast this morning.
Good, I'm starving.
Good luck with your prep.
♪
Natalie blames me
for what happened.
Don't beat yourself up, Clark.
You heard the doctor.
John Henry's memory issue
is temporary.
Yeah, but she's not wrong.
He got hurt saving me.
She'll come around.
They both need time to heal.
Ugh, I don't want
to do this right now.
Neither do I, but we
have to know what Jon knows
about those drugs,
Clark, or he is never
getting back into that school.
Rochambeau?
♪
Boys!
Get down here.
♪
Every time.
Do I need to be here
for this too?
Yep, in case you
ever get a bright idea
like your brother.
Dad, I already apologized.
Yeah, well, Jon, an apology
is not gonna be enough
this time.
We have parents calling us,
not wanting you
anywhere near their kids.
And it's not
gonna get any better
when they find out
football's over.
They canceled the season?
We had to forfeit
all the wins.
And since no one's talking
about who else was using,
Principal Balcomb decided
it was just best to call it.
First time
in Smallville history...
because of you.
So, Jon,
whose drugs were those?
I can't tell you.
You mean you won't.
No, Dad.
You don't understand--
No, Jon.
I don't understand.
I thought my son had a little
more integrity than this.
It's your dad.
I'm sure it's about Anderson.
And perfect timing,
as always.
Yeah, well,
this time it actually is.
Look,
I convinced Principal Balcomb
to let you take classes online.
If you do your work,
you hand it in on time,
you won't miss a grade.
But I'm just--I'm just
supposed to hang out
at the house all day?
- No.
You're gonna work at
Brit & Dunn's starting today.
Be ready in 20 minutes,
both of you.
♪
Hey, man.
Why are you doing this?
Just leave it alone.
♪
Well, that is unexpected.
You stopped Kal-El?
He's gone...
for good.
You killed him?
I had no choice.
And the pendant?
It's in my possession.
Both of them.
We can finally ascend.
♪
I need you to tell her--
my other self--
Won ereh emoc.
Mitchell.
Everything
that you said was true.
I saw it all.
I saw me.
- Mm-hmm.
That's how you become
the best version of yourself,
by merging
with your shadow self.
Did she give you
any instructions?
She told me to tell you,
"Come now."
♪
Well, then we should go...
And all become gods.
How long is Dad
gonna be like this?
I'm guessing till you tell us
where you got those drugs.
Jordan, let's go!
Why does it even matter?
He can barely look at me.
It's like he--
it's like he hates me.
He doesn't hate you.
He's just having a hard time
understanding your behavior--
both of us are.
Go get your brother.
Okay.
Hey, Chrissy.
Ally just called, promising
a once in a lifetime exclusive.
She's sending a car
to pick me up.
This is what we've
been waiting for.
I'm impressed.
Staying in touch with her
paid off.
But are you sure?
This is the woman who--
Drugged me? Yeah. She cray.
But it gave me some sort
of weird street cred.
She trusts me.
Chrissy, if at any point you
feel uncomfortable--
I know. I'll call you.
Lois, this is our chance
to really figure out
what's going on with Ally.
We may not get another one.
I gotta go.
- Be careful.
♪
Where's Ally?
She's waiting
with the others.
You sure you want in on this?
The story of a lifetime?
Absolutely.
Give me your phone.
♪
They're in hazmat suits.
Is that a problem?
Nope.
Seems totally normal.
Then get in.
Put it on on the way.
♪
So you're forgiving your dad?
I wouldn't go
that far with it.
I mean, it's only been
a week since the quinceañera.
But I can tell
that he's trying,
and that means something.
Yeah.
Is that what you wanted
to talk to me about?
Sort of.
I mean, it is why
I had dinner with Aubrey.
Look, um...
Her parents are divorced,
and talking with her
is the reason why
I had breakfast
with my dad this morning.
So, um, you guys
are just friends now?
Yeah, just friends.
I was actually kind of hoping
that maybe
we could all hang out.
I--I don't think
that's a good idea.
Jordan, I want Aubrey
in my life,
especially now,
with everything that's going on
with my parents.
Yeah,
but it's a little weird.
I know, which is why
we should all hang out,
to get rid of that weirdness.
She's really great.
It would really
mean a lot to me
if you would try to understand
everything that's going on--
You can't follow me
into my school.
Then give me my money.
I told you I don't have it.
Kind of need you to--Jordan.
Sorry, um, let's do it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Okay, cool.
I--I'll message
Aubrey right now.
- All right.
- Okay.
Those inhalers weren't free.
Yeah, and you'll get
your money, okay?
Just chill out.
- That's now how this works.
Hey!
Leave her alone.
Best bring me
that money tonight.
♪
- Hey, are you okay?
- Yeah, I'm fine.
Anderson's
still off the grid.
Sam, he's using X-K,
and he's got an armory
of Kryptonite weapons.
And he blames you
for ruining his life.
That's why I'm doing everything
in my power to find him.
Oh, and, uh...
General Hardcastle sends
her sincerest apology.
- For accusing me of treason?
- Don't worry.
You've been cleared
of all charges
and formally back
in the DOD's good graces,
and I'm on temporary duty.
Wish it had
worked out differently.
Me too.
Right now...
Let's get this pendant
so you can figure out
a way to destroy it.
Where the hell is it?
♪
- - Section 3
- A, clear.
Anderson.
I'm sorry.
♪
That's the last of 'em.
It's time.
It's time!
♪
Thanks to John Henry,the DOD
can track the pendant's
heat signature.
Once they get a hit,
we'll know.
You think he took
the pendant as leverage,
hoping to make a deal?
It's possible,
but why haven't we
heard anything from him?
Anderson knows about Ally.
When I was locked up with Tal,
I told him to look into her.
You think he would've
brought her the pendant?
Chrissy's on her way
to see Ally right now.
She said it was something big.
It's Lucy.
Same.
"I'm tired
of feeling incomplete."
"I finally see
the way through."
These sound like goodbyes.
We gotta find her.
Looks like she's at home.
You track Lucy's phone?
I'll check on her.
Do you track my phone?
♪
Ally, your glove.
We're close.
Right where Kit said.
♪
She wasn't there.
It's just her phone.
Could she have sent
those texts remotely,
or maybe set a timer?
Okay.
Chrissy hasn't returned
any of my calls.
Lucy's texts--
weird, cryptic goodbyes.
And Anderson's missing
along with the pendant.
Let's say he did go to Ally.
What if they're trying to get
into the inverse world?
The other Superman, he came
through a portal in the mines.
Do you think Lucy could be
with Chrissy and Ally?
The DOD has
a security team there.
Let me make a call.
♪
The time is finally here.
We're gonna merge
with our other selves
and become whole.
♪
I told you, Ms. Beppo.
The greatest story
in human history.
No...no! No!
This isn't
supposed to be happening.
The team at the mines
isn't responding.
I don't want to!
♪
- Anything?
- No.
Everything's so lined
with lead,
I can't see through.
Help us!
♪
No!
No! No!
♪
No!
We're the only ones
that you saved?
♪
I mean, everyone just got
sucked into that portal.
It was like something
out of "Poltergeist."
You're safe now.
Thank you...
for saving me.
Superman!
Excuse me.
Was Lucy with them?
Chrissy isn't sure.
They were all
wearing those suits.
But did you see Lucy?
No,
but by the time I got here,
some had already
been pulled through.
Any chance they survived?
Not from what I saw.
[whirring]
- Here, let me help you, Dad.
- What?
- Thanks for the ride.
I was supposed to take
John Henry and Nat home
from the hospital.
It's fine.
Go meet them at the farm.
Lois is gonna meet me
at the DOD.
We'll deal with Ally.
♪
I am so, so sorry.
There was an emergency--
It's totally fine, Clark.
It's fine.
Yeah, the complete stranger
who drove us here
was super nice.
I told you I would be there
and I wasn't.
I apologize to both of you.
You know what?
Just save your apology.
Bug.
No, Dad.
I'm not gonna sit here
and act like everything's okay
when it's not.
All of this is so messed up.
I know this must be strange--
Strange?
You look exactly like
the guy who killed my mom.
And I'm supposed to what?
Just ignore that
and live with you?
Nat, he's not the same guy.
Then why do I worry
all the time
that when he's around you,
you're gonna end up
just like Mom?
♪
Where are we?
We appear to be nowhere.
Nowhere?
Trapped in between worlds.
No, no.
How do we get out of here?
We have to get out of here.
I don't know.
I need to get to my dad, Hedy.
Whatever you need to do.
I recommend placing you
in hibernation
until I have answers.
Just find him.
Hey!
You post anything, you're dead.
Kay?
- Dude, relax.
- You change?
- Yeah.
I'm meeting up
with Sarah and Aubrey.
No way.
Like, the girl
that kissed Sarah, Aubrey?
Why? Why would you do that?
- Mostly 'cause of you.
- What?
When Sarah asked me,
I said yes,
'cause I was distracted
by some townie yelling
at Candice about money
for X-K inhalers.
So you're
gonna use your powers
to rat me out
to Mom and Dad now?
No, man.
I'm just trying to understand.
You're doing all this for her?
She's a drug dealer, Jon.
Jordan, she's doing it
to help out her dad
because he's broke, okay?
It's just the two of them,
and if they get kicked out,
they'll literally
have nowhere to go.
And you care about her
that much?
What,
like you're the only one
that can do something sketch
to help their girlfriend?
I guess you're right,
but going on
the most awkward date ever
isn't exactly
on the same level
as, you know, breaking the law.
Hm...mm, yeah, you're right.
Yours is way worse.
Thanks for coming over.
So what made you
change your mind?
I mean, I know Emily canceled,but...
Well, you've been a part
of this since the beginning.
There's no one else
that could really help, so...
Okay, so where do we start?
Well, Emily and I made these.
We think that most
of the questions
are gonna be geared towards
the economy, jobs...
Family values.
I don't have to prep
for that.
Lana, that's the only thing
you need to prep for.
All this stuff,
you know that front and back.
Come on, you know
Dean is gonna steer
every question back to our...
Broken marriage.
So I'll steer him right back.
And that's just
gonna look like
you're avoiding the question.
Okay,
so what am I supposed to do?
You stare the man
in his eyes,
and you answer him.
Every question.
♪
Seven people
went into those mines.
Three came out.
I need the names
of the ones Superman...
couldn't save.
Are you asking as an officer
or as a father?
Okay,
I'll get the ball rolling.
Lieutenant General
Mitchell Anderson.
Another person
you've let down.
I'm not interested
in your games.
He looked up to you...
like a father.
Although we both know
how you have struggled
to live up to that title.
I need names.
You want one name,
and she is only
a priority to you now
because you think she's gone.
Don't you dare
speak to me about Lucy.
Pull him out of there.
Lois isn't the only one
who's let her down in her life.
Who else was there?
And deep down, deep down,
you are so afraid your girls
are gonna leave you
the same way your wife left.
Answer the question!
It's created a hole
in you, Samuel,
a hole that I
can help you fill,
the same way I helped Lucy.
Tell me where my daughter is.
Dad.
♪
I won't be
saying another word
without my attorney present.
- Dad.
- Lucy's gone.
There's still
a lot we don't know.
Lois, please.
Can't you just acknowledge
the truth?
You were right this whole time!
Ally was a cancer!
But I was too damn scared
Lucy would cut me out.
I never pushed back.
This was Lucy's choice.
She's dead, Lois...
because I failed her.
Now I have to live with that
the rest of my life.
♪
So what would
you say to people
wondering how you'll keep
scandal out of Smallville
when you can't even keep it
out of your own home?
I'd say that my personal life
is none of their business.
Well, that's not
really an answer, Lana.
It's not really a question.
It's a judgment from jerks
with a question mark
at the end.
The moderator
is Dean's hunting buddy.
Right, so judgment
is pretty much
the only dish
she's gonna be serving.
So again,
how are you
gonna keep scandal--
I never brought scandal
into our house!
You did!
But because I'm a woman,
this is now a commentary on me.
And that's not fair,
and it's all because
of your stupid mistake.
♪
- You're right.
- I know.
I know, okay?
It doesn't make it okay
to emotionally barf
all over this room.
Well, hey, look.
Maybe you just needed
to get that out of your system.
Just take a breath, and, um,
back to the question.
Back to the question.
Right. Okay.
Unpredictable things
happen in life.
We all know that.
The real question is
how you respond to it
in the face of a crisis.
Is it with honesty
and integrity?
Because it's what I've tried
to do in my personal life
and what I promise to do
as mayor of Smallville.
I will never waver
when it comes
to trying to do
what's right for my family
and for this town.
♪
Now, that's an answer
right there.
♪
Okay.
Hey.
Hey, uh, sorry
about Nat earlier.
Oh, don't be.
She, uh, she was right.
You had good reason
not to be there.
Sure. But, uh...
Look.
It doesn't change the fact that
you did get hurt helping me,
and if any of your injuries--
My injuries are temporary.
The scan came back clear.
Okay, yeah, there might be
a few more moments
of confusion.
But I'm gonna be okay.
Clark.
What happened,
that was my decision,
not yours.
I know.
I know, but...
on your world--
- That wasn't you.
- Yeah, but he looked like me.
I mean, for all Natalie knows,
I am that person.
I know the difference.
You just--you haven't
put in the time with her.
You don't think
it's too late?
No.
From my experience,
most people want to forgive.
You're a good person,
you know?
Find a way to show her that.
What is it?
Someone's in
Lucy's apartment.
Lois?
There's gotta be
something here,
like a book or a letter--
something that would tell me
where she is.
Don't give me that look, Clark.
Lois...
There is no way
that Lucy would go
to another world
and only send a text.
There's nothing else here.
I checked.
But she can't just leave.
Not after
what our mom did to us.
Hey, come here.
Come here.
How could she just
disappear like that?
Why do they keep leaving me?
I'm here,
and I'm not going anywhere.
♪
Why didn't you tell me
about this Micky guy?
You got kicked out
of school for me.
You shouldn't have to worry
about some dumb hillbilly too.
Candice, I understand,
but he threatened
to hurt you
if you didn't pay him.
Wait, your brother
heard that?
You don't have to worry, okay?
I'm gonna stay over
at Kim's tonight.
Can I at least
walk you there?
- Okay.
- Kay.
Night, Mr. Olowe.
- Okay.
Good first day, Kent.
Thank you, sir.
So how much do you
owe this guy exactly?
More than either of us
can get anytime soon.
Yeah, are you sure
about that?
I mean, I do--
I don't wanna brag,
but I do work
at a convenience store now.
So...
- Stop.
See, this is why I love you.
Even when things are bad,
you make me laugh.
Wait.
♪
You love me?
Yeah.
I do.
♪
Who's that?
Get in the car, Candice.
She's not going anywhere.
I was hoping you'd say that.
♪
All right.
You got this.
No, Jon!
Jon!
No!
♪
- Let's go!
- Get off me!
No.
Get in there.
Come on, here.
You can get in the car.
We're gonna go get my money.
- No!
Hey. Hey!
Good luck finding those.
Now you're dead.
♪
Ah...
Candice, run!
Look at me.
Ever go anywhere
near her again--anywhere--
and I'll send him after you,
you understand?
Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Get the hell out of here.
Go!
You good?
Yeah.
You?
Been better.
I gotta go check on Candice.
Gotta meet up with Sarah.
Jordan.
Thanks.
♪
You're right, you know.
We, uh, rushed you
into this life here,
thinkin' it would help you, but...
being around me and...
and Lois...
that just kind of
did the opposite.
Look, I know you're
not the same guy
that killed my mom.
I know that you would never
intentionally hurt my dad,
and yet,
I look at you,
and this alarm goes off.
That's no way to live.
What other choice do I have?
Well, Natalie,
I want you to have a choice,
including whether or not
you wanna get to know me,
instead of being forced to live
in the same house with me.
What are you saying?
What's this?
An old friend of mine's had
a place for rent for a while.
I thought maybe you and your
dad could check it out.
So this would be
like our own place?
Mm-hmm.
And then, maybe, you and I
can get to know each other.
Let's see if we can't
get that alarm to quiet down.
Maybe.
[whirring]
- Think he'll show?
I hope so.
Something probably came up.
♪
How you feelin', Dad?
What Ally said,
about there being
a hole inside of me...
She's right.
Dad.
I'm just being honest, Lois.
That night I came home
when your mother was gone...
I've never been the same since,
and neither were you two.
And I knew I was never
gonna be enough to fix it.
♪
Lucy.
I just kept hearing
Lois's warnings in my head,
and I knew
I had to get out of there.
We were wearing these suits,
and it was dark in the mines.
So no one noticed.
But they took my phone,
and I had to walk
until that lady picked me up.
Well, you're safe now.
Ally's locked up,
and she's gonna stay
at the DOD
for a very long time.
Lucy,
I am sorry about everything.
It's okay.
You were right.
Lucy.
We were so worried.
I'm sorry I put everyone
through all this.
No, I'm just, um,
happy to see you're safe.
Can I get you anything,
or are you hungry?
Actually, I'm pretty wiped.
I just--Dad, do you mind if I--
Of course.
Of course, I'll take you home.
We can pick this up,
the three of us, tomorrow.
Maybe brunch?
Brunch?
You brunch?
Yeah, he also wears
Hawaiian shirts now.
Come on.
Okay, just one more question:
will you ever
forgive your husband?
Kyle...
Yeah, it was stupid.
No, it's just that...
I, um--
Oh, God.
I'm ten minutes late
to pick up Sophie.
Tell everyone at the firehouse
that I said hi.
Um, I'm actually
not living there anymore.
I got my own place.
It's a short-term lease.
I'm gonna pick up
some extra shifts to cover it.
No, it's not
about the money, Kyle.
It's just, uh...
wow.
Yeah.
We can talk about it in--
- No, it's the right thing.
Thanks for helping me.
Um, I gotta get Sophie.
Uh, so--I'm so--yeah.
Okay.
This is just the repair shop.
I'm sure the living area
is better.
♪
Natalie. Natalie, wake up.
What's going on?
You've been in hibernation
for six months.
Your body needs time to--
- Where's my dad?
I was able to pick up
the locator beacon
for the war suit.
- You found him?
I found the suit.
The chances that your father
also survived are not--
That is not helpful, Hedy!
We need to leave now.
Follow that beacon.
Our resources are limited.
We may not be able
to survive the trip.
♪
All I need is you, Dad.
Just you, and I'll be happy.
Natalie,
what would you like me to do?
Get me to my dad.
What do you think?
Nat?
It's perfect.
You sure?
'Cause Clark said that--
Everything we need
is right here.
Okay.
It is.
I'll let Clark know, all right?
♪
Ooh, hey.
Hey.
John and Nat
are taking the place.
That's great!
I would offer to cook breakfast
tomorrow to celebrate,
but apparently, I'm having
brunch with Lucy and my dad.
A sentence I never
thought I would say.
It does sound
a little strange.
I'm just glad
she got out when she did.
Yeah, me too.
And that we can finally close
the chapter on Ally Allston.
What?
Ally didn't have the pendant.
Then who does?
Hey.
How was your first day?
It was good.
Um, it was good.
Mr. Olowe was happy, so...
What took you
so long to get home?
I promised Candice
I would walk her home--
No. No.
You are either at the house
or at the store.
Anywhere else,
you need our permission.
Understood?
Sure.
Okay. Upstairs.
♪
That was a bit
harsh for just walking
his girlfriend home at night.
If that's where
he really was.
I doubt he's lying, Clark.
You know, the problem is
he's getting really good at it.
I am mad too.
But trust me, do not let this
go on for too long.
Okay?
♪
Why are you back already?
Look at me.
How was I supposed
to explain this to Sarah?
Barely snuck in here.
Look, dude, um...
I'm really sorry
I made you miss it.
Why didn't you just tell me
it was Candice, man?
I don't know.
I already felt bad enough
lying to Mom and Dad,
and I just didn't--
I didn't feel
that it was, like, fair
to put that on you, you know?
I can handle it.
I didn't wanna shut you out.
I--
Then don't.
Come on.
We're The Fraternals, remember?
I know you love
this apartment.
But why not stay
at my place tonight?
I'd love for you to see it.
I have a guest room.
I have fresh ice cream.
You--you used to...
Dad, are you okay?
Yeah, I'm just...
all of a sudden, I'm tired.
You put something in my tea.
Yeah, sorry.
I was sort of the failsafe
in case things
didn't go according to plan.
Why?
♪
To make sure Ally
gets to the other side.
♪
I'm sorry.
Greg, move your head!